hello today we are going to talk about the two
most basic stitches straight stitch and zig
zag let's sew first with the assembled
1 which is the straight stitch with the long
to 3 and the width to 5 that we do not care
at the moment because the straight stitch does not
It has width
we hold the threads with a finger
this is the result
now let's change the length to 4
two
as you can see the difference is quite noticeable
long
now we try a very short stitch
putting it to 1
make a straight stitch so small no
It's worth it because as you see it's very
irregular
and we increase a little bit until 2 and
let's try to put the width to 0 that
in the straight stitch what we do with
the width to 0 is that the needle thing in the
left part you're going to see what's
a greater distance between seams
this is the result
let's change point zig zag in this
machine is 3 the long I'll leave the
2 and the width we will put the maximum that
it's 5
now I upload the length to 4
Now I'm going to make a very short appointment
putting it to 1
using the same stitch and only
changing the length you see what results
so different can you get in the
first part we used a long
medium in the central part we have used a
long to 4 and in the last part a long
to 1 but at no time have we
modified the width of the stitch
so you can see how the width varies
let's sew on tape with a fixed length
to 3 and we start with the maximum width that
it's 5
I keep the stitch length and I
He modified the width to 3 and a half
or less
and now I put it until 1 and a half
in this case using the same stitch
of zig zag what we have done is
decrease the width and although the length
it remains always the same you see as the
stitch is becoming more and more
close now I'm going to make a sample
of the maximum and the minimum I put the length to
four and a half more or less and the width at
five
now I will put the length to 1
and the wide student too
between the widest and longest stitch and the
shorter and narrower you have a lot of
possibilities to go testing
we have finished for today I hope that you
have served everything that you explained and
If you have any questions, tell me about
comments